			RESTAURANT MANAGMENT SYSTEM


1. The First Application window contains two functional buttons named : Dine in and Home delivery.

2. Upon selection the dine in option, the control is given to the next applciation window
	consisting of two other functional butttons named: La Carte and BUffet. Selection
	of the respective buttons by the user would display their respective menus.

3. The La Carte Menu has been divided into 3 coloumns named :Starters, Main Course, Desserts.
	Each of them contain a list of 5 dishes with their respective prices being displayed.
	A quantity text field has been provided adjacent to every dish for the selection
	by the user.

4. A drop down box containing options of five drinks and a quantity box for the user is placed below
	the first 3 coloumns of dishes.

5. Upon selection of the dishes, on clicking the Total button, the total amount is displayed.
	Along with this, a list for the Executive chef is produced for the dishes with the
	respective quantity required. This can be used by the executive chef for preparing
	the dishes by the line chefs present.

6. Under the Total button, "Reset" button is used for turning all the textfields to 0 and 
	start afresh. The "Print" button reads the values of the customer's order and sets
	the receipt text fields with individual prices of the ordered dishes and the total
	is displayed for the user. The "Exit" function is used to exit the Restaurant
	Management Application.

7. Similar functional buttons have been executed for the Buffet option where the menu is
	divided into "Veg" and "Non veg" buffet systems with their respective dishes 
	displayed under each. Add-ons of drinks can be given by the customer to the choice
	of buffet. It contains the similar functions of Total, Reset, Print and Exit.

8. The Home delivery button consists of the same menu as displayed for the La Carte 
	application window but the change is that, the executive chef field is replaced
	with the Home Address field given by the customer.

9. The receipt option consists of the combined prices for starters, Main course and 
	Desserts along with the Delivery Address displayed for the verification by the
	delivery executive for the proper delivery to the customer.



  